has carried her all right and this just
in right now as we come on the air the
ceasefire negotiations in Gaza a joint
statement has been released by the three
mediators quoted by voters has uh just
been released and it
says it is time to conclude Gaza
ceasefire agreement and release hostages
and prisoners we have worked for months
to reach framework agreement and it is
now on the table with only details of
implementation missing we called on two
parties to resume urgent talks on
Thursday August 15th in Doha or Cairo to
bridge all remaining gaps and start
implementing the agreement without any
delay all right I am told we can go now
to shab ransi he is live for you in
Washington DC um tell us what more
you've learned about
this we don't have anymore actually this
just appeared on on the wires there
wasn't even actually an official
statement on at the state department
website either but yeah it's it's saying
that it's time to conclude the ceasefire
agreement and released hostages and
prisoners a joint statement Qatar Egypt
and the
US asking everyone to resume urgent
talks in August of 15th either in in
Doha or Cairo to bridge all remaining
gaps it's interesting that the state
department spokesperson was asking a few
hours ago though whether this constant
emphasis about how close everyone El is
to a ceasefire deal which you've heard
consistently since fears of some form of
retaliation to Israel's escalation in
killing isma hania in in Teran since
those fears have reached such fever
pitch you know whether this constant
emphasis on how close everyone is to to
reaching that deal is some way is some
attempt to diffuse diffuse the situation
though Matt Miller the state department
said uh um all he would say was any
further escalation makes the Region's
problems more difficult uh and that um
we think a ceasefire would go a long way
to reducing tensions this is the Mantra
we've heard from the US Administration
as we hear all the reports about just
how concerned the US is about some form
of retaliation from Iran and from Iran's
allies in the region to the killing of
isir in Teran this would would seem to
be get another high-profile attempt then
to keep on keep the focus on the
ceasefire talks though you we've heard
all of this before and we know that
whenever it appears that Hamas is is
agreeing to what was supposedly the
Israeli the Israeli ceasefire plan then
Benjamin Netanyahu changes the goalposts
demands something else and Netanyahu
himself seems pretty pretty open about
the fact that now and certainly the isra
media are that that you know Netanyahu
wants to wants to prolong this as long
as possible so as not to face his own
people either at the The Ballot Box or
in in the law court so yeah I mean it's
very difficult to to to pass what this
actually means whether everyone really
is closer to a breakthrough or is this
once again just you know the momentum
that the this attempt at momentum in
some ways perhaps to diffuse diffuse the
tensions at least psychologically I
don't know but it's very difficult to
pass right very difficult to par s BR Ry
a reporting there uh uh from Washington
DC on this breaking development